In order to add data into the MySQL Database:

1. Download MySQL Workbench
2. If not already in it, click the Dolphin with Coins icon.
3. If you were not the one to make the connection, there will be no 'MySQL Connections' when you scroll down, so:
	3a.  Click the plus sign.
	3b.  Give the connection any name.
	3c.  Based on the information of the database that someone downloaded, change the 
	     Username(if needed) and then the Password (through 'stay_and_shop_system.store in keychain') to what
	     that someone decided it to be. The 
	     hostname and Port should be the same if the person didn't change it.
4. If you see an error message about the server version, continue anyway.
5. Now, the databases in SQL are called 'schemas.' If there is no schema:
	5a.  Go to the 'Schemas' tab next to the 'Administration' tab
	5b.  Right click under the 'Schemas' side bar, and then create a schema. The default 
	     settings in it should be fine.
6. Click the drop-down of one of the schemas you are using as the database.
7. Click the dropdown for 'Tables' if available. If there are no tables that you are intending to use:
	7a.  Right Click Tables, then create a table
	7b.  Give the table a name at the top.
	7c.  Under the 'Column' column, double click the '<click to edit>', then change the name 
	     of the column. Continue doing this for how many columns you need.
	7d.  Set the datatype of the column. To make it a String for java, set it to VARCHAR().
	7e.  You most likely won't need the settings for a column such as "Primary key" and "Not 
	     NULL," so leave them all blank.
	7f.  When done, click 'Apply' at around the bottom right of the screen.
	7g.  Review the code MySQL Workbench gives you. Then click 'Apply.' If it was a success, 
	     good for you. If it's not, use ChatGPT to help you make the code correct, or just
	     use your knowledge on SQL code.
8. Now, navigate to 'Query 1' or whatever number is generated for the Query in the Tabs above with 'Administration' and 'Schemas'.
9. Use code similar to this to insert test/actual data into the table of your choice:
	
	INSERT INTO table_name (column1, column2, column3)
	VALUES
	(valueA1, valueA2, valueA3),
	(valueB1, valueB2, valueB3),
	(valueC1, valueC2, valueC3);

9.1. If there was an error, the program will indicate it to you below.
10. If you don't see your data, right click the table you want to see the data of (on the side bar on the left), then choose 'Select Rows - Limit 1000'.


In order to use the database with the class DatabaseConnection (in Eclipse) with MySQL:

1. Download MySQL Connector (the latest version) jar. Remember what it's path is / where it is.
1.1. For the operating system (if you are Mac/Windows), choose 'Platform Independent'.
2. In Eclipse, right click the Project folder that you are using the MySQL database in.
3. Select 'Properties' at the bottom.
4. Select 'Java Build Path'.
5. Select the 'Libraries' tab.
6. Click 'Classpath'.
7. On the right of the screen, click 'Add External JARs'.
8. Navigate to the mysql-connector's jar, and then click it.
9. Click 'Apply and Close' once you are done.
Here is a video relating to this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRuTRWxU4z0

In order to use the database with the class DatabaseConnection (in IntelliJ) with MySQL:
1. Select "File"
2. Select "Project Structure"
3. Under "Project Settings", select "Modules"
4. Under the already given Module (mine is called "GroupProject"), click on the
   "Dependencies" tab
5. Click the "+" button, then click "JAR or Directories"
6. Look for the file your looking(whatever version of mysql-connector you need) for then choose that one.
7. Click "Ok" or "Apply" when you are done.

In order to change the information in DatabaseConnection connect to a different database:

1. The format for the DB_URL you will likely use is:

	jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/yourdb

   Replace 'yourdb' with the database/schema name.
2. The USER and PASS are the information you needed to connect to the database/schema.

In order to make a MySQL Connection:

1. You can "install" MySQL Community Edition to get a free database. Navigate to https://www.mysql.com/products/community/
2. Click 'Download MySQL Community Edition.'
3. Download 'MySQL Community Server,' then choose which one to download.
4. Through the process, you will be prompted to make a password. The password will be to the Connection.
Here is the MySQL Community Server installer: https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/
